replace link to yari-demos.prod.mdn.mozit.cloud with LiveSampleLink macro (#34364)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/resize_event/index.md

> **Note:** The example output here is in an {{HTMLElement("iframe")}}, so the reported width and height values are for the `<iframe>`, not the window that this page is in. In particular, it will be hard to adjust the window size so as to see a difference in the reported height.
>

> > The effect is easier to see if you {{LiveSampleLink('Window_size_logger', "view the example in its own window")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The effect is easier to see if you {{LiveSampleLink("Window_size_logger", "view the example in its own window")}}.
```

Why change to single quotes?

Author: updated to double quotes
